If you don't change your tone of voice,
you can say,
Are you also coming to play?
Yes, thank you. I'll be right there.
If you speak in a natural tone,
are you also coming to play?
Yes, thank you. I'll be right there.
The high accent is the same as the high tone of the word.
I planted five small trees in the mountains.
I lined up stones at the edge of the river.
I also drew a bridge.
Even in the same sentence,
the high accent of the words
may be a little higher or higher
depending on how you emphasize the word.
Please look at this.
I was praised.
Please count.
I tried to cut the peach.
I became stronger.
I followed.
I became a servant.
I forgave them.
Please lower your tone of voice.
Father, I'm home.
A big rain started to fall.
Finally, the turtle won the rabbit.
The village was over there.
Tomorrow is sunny.
Please raise your tone of voice.
Are you coming to play?
What do you want to talk about?
Please go to see the turtle.
Who is the turtle?
Who is it?
The same way,
the high accent of the word
is usually the same.
A cow cries in a wide field.
It stopped raining.
Because there are many things
that are not usually said,
the high accent is not very high.
I walk.
He is coming.
I blow.
I move.
I hear a voice calling the turtle.
I'm looking for the box.
Please look.
Please do it together.
Are you in the second grade?
Raise your tone of voice.
If there is no air,
we can't live a single moment.
If you think like this,
the price of things is
that we want them
and that they are hard to draw.
That is the cause.